This week we're getting ever closer to Jerusalem and I'm glad you've joined us for our walk with Jesus. I'm going to start in Matthew 20. It's a rather short
2 Peter 4, verse 29.
It says this, "As Jesus and his disciples were leaving Jericho, a large crowd followed.
Two blind men were sitting on the roadside, and when they heard that Jesus was going by, they shouted, "Lord, Son of David, have mercy on us!"
The crowd reviewed them and told them to be quiet.
But they shouted all the louder, "Lord, Lord, Son of David, have mercy on us."
Jesus stopped and called to them.
"What do you want me to do for you?" he asked.
Lord, they answered, "We want our sights."
Jesus had compassion on them and touched their eyes.
Immediately they receive their site.
And followed him.
Can you imagine the setting?
These men, the incredible joy of this
Darkness turning to light, this blindness turning to sight.
When I read this account, I actually thought of the words of John Newton, those famous words, "Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me."
I once was lost, but now I'm found, was blind, but now I see.
I know these men didn't know those words, but I can imagine their joy was similar.
John Newton had an incredible testimony as well. He was a British sea captain, a slave trader, who literally came to know Jesus.
Jesus, and God transformed him through the power of Christ. He came out of darkness and into this glorious place.
Light
I love how this imagery is all through the Bible. We see words and imagery that talks about the darkness of sin.
And then being brought into the light
The idea of literally being blind,
But then having receiving sites
In our Bible study this year, we're in Acts in the Bible, and it's the story of the early church. And I love this book because they're so much more
Old mud, darkness turning to light, blindness turning to sight, and
One of the main characters is a man named Paul. He was known as Saul early in the book, but Paul was one of the greatest
persecutors of the church. He literally would go town to town to arrest and throw into prison those who followed Jesus.
He was zealous.
And yet one day he was on the road to Damascus to do that very thing to the believers. When the Lord Jesus shone before him and
Him in all his glory.
And Paul was literally cast to the ground blind.
Somebody led him into the city and for three days he sat there blind really at an outward manifestation of the inner real inward reality
word reality of his blindness.
Well, one day God sent Ananias, a disciple,
And Ananias came in, he prayed over Paul, and it says in the scripture that literally there was something like scales that fell from his eyes, and all of a sudden he saw. It was the
It was three days after he became blind that he was brought into the light, very similar to what we read about the resurrection. But he came to faith and he
And his eyes were opened. He was given a new commission, a new calling. In fact, Jesus said to him in Acts 26, 14 through 15, he said,
He said, "I'm sending you to the nations."
To open spiritual eyes
so that they may turn from darkness to light, from the power of Satan to God.
Well this is what God loves to do. He loves to bring people out of darkness.
Into the light of his presence
He loves to bring spiritual sight.
To those who are blind.
But my question today is this:
Do you remember when you first saw the lights?
When your eyes were opened to God's incredible gift through Christ,
When you were brought into the light of understanding that God loved you and cared for you,
Well, the season of Lent is an opportunity to remember what God has done.
To ask him to restore the joy of our salvation.
To reflect on the fact that we once were blind,
But now we see all because of what Jesus did for you and for me.